Slide 1:

Hi everyone! Welcome to our project called Frontenders. Our group is made up of me, Franco Stroff, and Flavio Oliveira. A Website which makes it easy to employers to find out more about the services we offer and the best people to employ to suit their needs. This project is based off using Wordpress as our server for information about us, our services, and our team. This means that any information added to wordpress will automatically be updated on our website, making life easier for future users of this website. 

Slide 2:
Our elevator pitch. Want an easy way to creat a website for your company? Use wordpress to build information needed for your website which gets rendered to your website each time something gets added. Anyone with access can add or edit information without knowing how to code. Once your team has access to the wordpress for your site, everything can be done by you! Need a new ***item/way a website can be interactive***? Save money with hiring developers as the new information can be rendered to your website quickly and efficiently. The website itself is an easy on the eye, interactive way to companies and individuals to view what services you offer and what team members will be able to provide those services. 

Slide 3:
The concept of our project website is to create a good looking, interactive, and easy to edit package. {frontEnders} is a great way to showcase the services you and your team can provide, and more information on your individual team members and what they can provide, including their past work and projects. {frontEnders} makes making and editing your website easy, using the easy and interactive WordPress builder to render our website. Wordpress can be used to create and edit new content which gets automatically rendered to the website. The website itself clearly sets out what the company can offer in services and the members of the team and their skills and past projects. Our user story is: “As a user with little or none coding experience, I want an easy way to edit and add to my website, Saving time and money.”

Slide 4:
The technologies that we used were React, Bootstrap, and Axios. Our new ones were React-parallax-tilt (a node module), React Icons, and Wordpress. The way that we broke down our roles was that Franco did the initial website design, managed our images (like for this presentation) and did the visuals for the website. Flavio did the API calls for wordpress, and worked on the website doing the components, and the main amalgamation of everyones code. I did some of the website components and other jobs on the website, and was in charge of doing this presentation and creating the README. All three of us were in the same group as in our last project, which helped us out a lot with this project as well all worked well together and we knew everyones strengths and weaknesses. We did not have any major challenges on this website as we quickly found a way to work on GitHub meaning that we did not struggle the same this way with git merges and other clashes. We managed to create a great looking website which works well with minimal stress. 

Slide 5:
Here is our homepage. This website is built so that every page has this navigation bar, and every page has this footer with links to our separate repositories, and ways to contact us. The website also has an “about us” page which uses an API call to render this page from Wordpress. The next page on our website shows the offered services. Each card will link to more information about the service offered. This is also all rendered using the API call from WordPress from the services section here. Next is the team page. Here we are, all our beautiful faces. If you click on one of us, for example Flavio here, you will get the description of the team member, links to their linkedin, github repository, and stackoverflow. The skills are then listen below with these cool bars, and below three projects with links to the repo and the page. Then contact information. All of this the page shows all the information gotten from the Wordpress API here. You only need one post/page per person where they can input all the information and it will be generated onto the webpage. For example we could make a quick one now (Dan).

Slide 6:
Slide 6:
The future directions for this project could be firstly linking the services offered to team members with those skills. Secondly we could add contact information for user inquiries. We could also create more set options in WordPress that the user can choose to incorporate into their website. 

Slide 7:
